hello guys and welcome back to another
video on just kidding you guys actually
thought I was gonna play black ops for
thee okay before I actually get into the
topic of this video i want to say my new
intro for my videos is absolutely insane
and if you guys want to check out the
editor his name is defined to kate and
all of his links will be in the
description below freakin amazing dude
he did such a stellar job or just
because he did such a good job we're
gonna play it again right now okay so
the reason behind the black ops 2
beginning of this video was basically me
saying that I've seen way too many black
ops 2 videos lately and you know I'm
just not a fan like as soon as someone
in the community that is well known has
a big base makes a call of duty video a
certain way or does a certain thing a
lot of people follow this usually just
the way it goes that's what happened
with road to clip and top plays like I
could admit I seen someone do road to
clip and I thought it was amazing idea
because I was always down for the
challenge of trying to hit a club during
the time of recording I enjoy making
those kinds of videos and that's just
the thing if people like making black
ops 2 videos you know just let them make
black ops 2 videos don't hate the video
because you don't like the game they are
playing like it's ultimately not your
decision what these people do so there's
no point in hating on it they're just
gonna do it anyway I don't know why I
just felt like making a video about this
topic because I've seen a lot of black
ops 2 videos pop up in my slot box and
you know it's just it's kind of annoying
I just watch black ops 2 for 2 years and
I made videos on black ops 2 for a long
time as well and I just don't find it
that entertaining to watch considering
everything you can do on the game is
already been done on this game its new
the possibilities for new trick shots
for better clips are endless right now
like the game has only been out for how
many months and there are still things
that people are figuring out Lee new
game new opportunities out that sounds
really cheesy but you know it's true if
you're a youtuber and you enjoy
post and black ops 2 videos making those
videos you know go for it there's no
one's stopping you in the end you're
gonna do what you want to do so whatever
go for it i'm not going to hate on
anyone that makes a black ops 2 video
because in the end like they're not
terrible videos I just personally don't
enjoy the game they're playing at the
moment like sure maybe if it was in like
june or july i would enjoy watching them
more I'm gonna kill a trick shot her mmm
nevermind luck is on your side my dude
like I'm still having a lot of fun on
this I don't understand why people want
to revert back to a which is my opinion
good but another thing i want to show
you guys is i was playing on this map
with nathan we were going for our
montage duel tov clips right and i got a
triple kill like not like a class i got
one two three I walk into this little
room right here scope in and there's a
fucking triple clap waiting for me just
murder them all so I'm gonna put that
clip was right here
oh my gosh I missed a triple at oh my
god oh my god what a minute 60 out of it
is 60 it was just really bad I was so
upset that i missed it so I fucked up
the outro on this so my basic opinion on
this video and just what I think about
the whole black ops 2 video thing is
people are going to do what they want
they're gonna do it they wish with their
channel and there's really nothing we
can say or do about it they're still
making videos and putting the effort and
time into making videos for us to be
entertained so I think we should all
just enjoy it no matter what so yeah
it's pretty much all I'm saying it's
just I'm not a fan of the older game
that I feel was just a little bit
overplayed so hopefully you guys did
enjoy this video and if you did thank
you for enjoying this video and
hopefully you guys have a good rest of
your night and if you want check out the
editor his links will be in the
description like I mentioned who you boy